what'd it do it your boy fat boy
vii AKA klassified borderlands to shift
co time another class mod this time it
is for Maya the siren my buddy Chris
blowing D woman only does have a siren
level 27 but he does not have Xbox Live
Gold so I will be showing you since it
opens up in my backpack they're not
gonna trade that to him next time he
comes over now go ahead and read the
letter Tina sent to Maya while I'm
typing in the code good morrow milady
if you ain't busy trying to get Craig to
stop staring at you I thought you can
come down and roll some dice the new
addition to bunkers and badass is out
and I made a module that if not off the
chiz Oh most definitely chisel Jason I
made this gift to get you ready for the
party
and I hope you love it also you're
pretty and I like you do you like me
please mark one box for yes and a box
for no Tina again I know that's not how
little shorty talks so I talked and it
was pretty funny cuz they didn't make
any sense really but I will see there
you have it cold works in the
description I will have Xbox 360
Playstation 3 PC and Mac as always I'm
gonna go to sanctuary and I'm going to
show you exactly what the cyrene class
mod does siren my class irene and that's
actually pretty good
it's almost well it's kind of the same
as the one i have except that it does
more than just increase the clip size I
think it does critical damage to do to
do to do yep there it is plus 25%
critical damage 25% weapon damage leave
a like comment and subscribe if you like
this video and as always check back for
more gameplays commentaries news and
updates and tomorrow's class mod for
whatever character it might be I don't
forgot
but that's it guys pace